[EWS v2] Fix issue with files not opening (#37777)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftExchangeOnPremise/ReleaseNotes/2_1_18.md

#### Integrations

##### EWS v2

> - Fixed an issue where the *Fetch* failed to handle attachments that could not be opened.
>   The integration now gracefully skips such attachments and allowing the process to continue with other attachments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where *fetch-incdents* failed to create an incident when the API could not open the attachment. Such mails will now be created as incidents, without the referenced attachments.
```
